README.md, before:

# Martian Weatherman

Mars has a robotic weatherman known as Curiosity. Do you need to take your jacket on your next romp across Olympus Mons? He'll let you know.

![Main display](https://raw.github.com/rwohleb/martian-weatherman/master/sample/main.png "Main display")
![Settings display](https://raw.github.com/rwohleb/martian-weatherman/master/sample/settings.png "Settings display")

Martian Weatherman is designed to show a familiar weather display. In this case it is the latest day and the last 4 (martian) days. In the future, it will let you see the recent tweets from @MarsWxReport, @MarsCuriosity, and @SarcasticRover. After all, we are pretty sure Curiosity has a sense of humor. Additional planned functionality includes rotating background images, historical weather graphs, and the current mars orbit.

This is an HTML5 application compiled in PhoneGap. The initial target is the iPhone, but iPad may be included in initial release. Android and other platforms can easily come later, thanks to PhoneGap.

Copyright 2013 Robert Wohleb
Licensed under GPLv3

Commit message:

Added links to space apps challenge website.

README.md, after:

# Martian Weatherman

Mars has a robotic weatherman known as Curiosity. Do you need to take your jacket on your next romp across Olympus Mons? He'll let you know.

![Main display](https://raw.github.com/rwohleb/martian-weatherman/master/sample/main.png "Main display")
![Settings display](https://raw.github.com/rwohleb/martian-weatherman/master/sample/settings.png "Settings display")

Martian Weatherman is designed to show a familiar weather display. In this case it is the latest day and the last 4 (martian) days. In the future, it will let you see the recent tweets from @MarsWxReport, @MarsCuriosity, and @SarcasticRover. After all, we are pretty sure Curiosity has a sense of humor. Additional planned functionality includes rotating background images, historical weather graphs, and the current mars orbit.

This is an HTML5 application compiled in PhoneGap. The initial target is the iPhone, but iPad may be included in initial release. Android and other platforms can easily come later, thanks to PhoneGap.

This app was written as part of the 2013 [International Space Apps Challenge](http://spaceappschallenge.org/), which took place over the course of April 20-21. There is a matching [project page](http://spaceappschallenge.org/project/martian-weatherman/) on that site.

Copyright 2013 Robert Wohleb
Licensed under GPLv3
